
-- INSTALLATION --

Before installing Search Lucene API, make sure you review the Installing
contributed modules tutorial. Search Lucene API is installed like any standard
Drupal module with one exception; The required Zend Framework components must be
downloaded separately. Due to Drupal's strict licensing policy regarding non-GPL
code, the ZF components cannot be bundled with the module on Drupal.org.
However, no action other than retrieving the files from the Search Lucene API
Library project on SourceForge.net and moving the extracted directory to the
correct location is required. Complete installation instructions are as follows:

   1. Download the Search Lucene API module from the project page. Make sure the
      version of the module matches your version of Drupal. For example, the
      6.x-2.0 version is suitable for Drupal 6 but will not work for Drupal 5.

   2. Extract the files. Modules downloaded from drupal.org are compressed to
      reduce their size and must be extracted before they can be used on your
      website. The result of this action will be a 'luceneapi' directory
      containing the module's source code files. For a tutorial on how to
      extract compressed files, please refer to the “Installing contributed
      modules” tutorial.

   3. Download the required Zend Framework components from the Search Lucene API
      Library project on SourceForge.net. Match the release of the ZF components
      to the version of the module downloaded in step 1. For example, the
      6.x-2.0 version of Search Lucene API requires the 6.x-2.0 version of the
      ZF components. If there is no exact match, download the latest available
      version of the ZF components up to, but not exceeding, the the minor
      version of the downloaded module. The Status report page in the
      administration section of your website will alert you if the ZF components
      require updating.

          * Project page: http://sourceforge.net/projects/luceneapi
 
   4. Extract the ZF components files as done in step 2. The result of this
      action will be a directory named 'lib'.

   5. Move the 'lib' directory into the 'luceneapi' directory. From this point
      forward, it is assumed the 'luceneapi/lib' directory contains the requires
      ZF components.
      
   6. Upload the 'luceneapi' directory to your Drupal installation. In most
      cases, the module will reside in 'sites/all/modules'. Please refer to the
      "Installing contributed modules" tutorial for more information.

   7. Enable the modules. Navigate to Administer > Site building > Modules and
      check the 'Enabled' box next to Search Lucene API and Search Lucene
      Content. Scroll down to the bottom of the page and click the 'Save
      Configuration' button.
 
   8. As of Search Lucene API 6.x-2.0-beta3, the Search Lucene Content index can
      be populated via a batch process by visiting Administer > Site
      configuration > Search Lucene Content and clicking on the Index statistics
      tab. Once there, select the Rebuild index after operation checkbox and
      click the Re-index button. It is critical that cron is configured
      otherwise changes to the content will not be reflected in the search
      index. For more information on configuring cron, please refer to the
      Configuring cron jobs tutorial. It is worth noting that Search Lucene API
      is compatible with projects such as Super Cron.


-- ALTERNATIVE INSTALLATION OF THE ZF COMPONENTS --

Instead of downloading the ZF Components as a compressed archive, developers
might find it advantageous to checkout a copy of the code from the subversion
repository hosted on SourceForge.net. All releases of the ZF components are
tagged in the following URL:

  https://luceneapi.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/luceneapi/tags/

Development versions of the ZF components are available at
https://luceneapi.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/luceneapi/branches. Note that
development version of the module do not have corresponding ZF component
releases, so they must be downloaded from the appropriate subversion branch. In
the event that the ZF components need to be upgraded, developers can simply
execute a subversion switch command to change their working copy to the desired
release.

The following example illustrates a checkout processes on Unix-like systems via
command line, but the same principles can be applied to GUI subversion clients
and other platforms. It assumes that version 2.0 of the Search Lucene API module
has been downloaded, extracted, and then uploaded to 'sites/all/modules'.

$ cd sites/all/modules/luceneapi
$ svn checkout https://luceneapi.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/luceneapi/tags/6.x-2.0 lib

In the fictitious scenario where upgrading to the 2.4 release of Search Lucene
API also requires an upgrade of the ZF components, the next example changes the
installed version by executing a subversion switch command.

$ cd sites/all/modules/luceneapi/lib
$ svn switch https://luceneapi.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/luceneapi/tags/6.x-2.4 .
